[Dashboard] "Room state" in the dashboard is confusing -> rename to "Pre-join room state" + Docs (#666)
100mslive/100ms-docs: common/templates-and-roles.md

![Template](/docs/docs/v2/advanced-settings.png)

### Pre-join room state

> Room state settings control the strategy of sending room state updates sent to our client SDK consumers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-join room state enables you to build a "preview" screen which shows the state of the room before joining. This room state includes a list of peers, which can be used to show who is in the room. 

Pre-join room state settings control the strategy of sending state updates to client SDKs.
```

Reviewer: updated the suggestion
